1. Pretend that your mother is a real estate agent and that she has decided to automate her daily 
tasks by using a laptop computer. Consider her potential hardware and software needs and create a hardware
and software specification that describes them. The specification should be developed to help your 
mother buy her hardware and software on her own.

I actually just went through this the other day as I just built and setup a home computer for my grandmother who needed a computer for excel, photoediting, and quicken loans.

Software: Windows 10, quicken loans, excel (all outlook apps) Mcafee security suit. 

Hardware: Asus z940 mobo, 8 gb ram, Intel 10th gen i3, touchscreen monitor, 5GB memory, 1 tb nvme, mouse/keyaboard.

2. 2. Pretend that the admissions office in your university has a Web‐based application so that students 
can apply for admission online. Recently, there has been a push to admit more international students into 
the university. What do you recommend that the application include to ensure that it supports this global 
requirement?

I think that the university could benifit from adding a translator app and/or also have someone in a help chat in the bottom of the screen where someone bilingual can assist them. 
Another cool way that the university could help would be by including hyperlinks to automatically turn the page into whichever language the user desires.   

3. Assume that you are developing a new system for a local real estate agency. The agency wants to keep a 
database of its own property listings and also wants to have access to the citywide multiple listings service
 used by all real estate agents. Which design strategy would you recommend for the construction of this 
system? Why? 

The system should outsourced. They should hire a professional to create the system and show them how to opperate it with the basics needed. 
at that point the users would only have to have the professionals come in to maintenance the system / for regular updates and what not. 

4. Develop two personas and two use scenarios for a website that sells some retail products (e.g., books, music, clothes).
Person 1: Dj looking for new music 
1) Dj looks for new music they might like but have never actually listened to
2)Dj checks out online music catalogs to see if the music they want is in stock.
3)Dj adds the music that they want to their cart and checks for any promotions
4)Dj pays with PayPal

Persona 2: Dad looks for new fishing equiptment on the Bass Pro website
1) Dad Finds deals on the site for buy two rods get one free
2) Dad also finds a deal on fake bait with the purchase of 100 hooks
3) Dad adds the two rods and 100 hooks to the shopping cart and then gets the promotional rod and fake bait for free
4) Dad pays half in Paypal and then puts rest on his fathers day Bass Pro gift card. 

